OSDOCS#13054: Adds Admin/Dev Console Rel Notes (#88582)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-18-release-notes.adoc

* A new setting for hiding the *Getting Started Resources* card on the *Overview* page allowing for maximum use of the dashboard.
* A *Start Job* option was added to the *List* and *Details* pages, so you can start individual CronJobs manually directly in the web console without having to use the `oc` CLI.
* The *Import YAML* button in the masthead is now a *Quick Create* button, and to allow rapid deployment of workloads, you can use YAML, Git, or a container image.
* You can build your own AI chatbot with a chatbot sample. The generative AI chatbot sample is deployed with Helm and comes with a full CI/CD pipeline. You can also run this sample on your cluster with no CPUs.
* You can import YAML into the console using {ols}.

[id="ocp-4-18-administrator-perspective_content-security-policy{context}"]
===== Content Security Policy (CSP)

With this release, the console Content Security Policy (CSP) is deployed in report-only mode. CSP violations will be logged in the browser console, but the associated CSP directives will not be enforced. Dynamic plugin creators can add their own policies.

> Additionally, you can report any plugins that break security policies. Administrators have the ability to disable any plugin breaking those policies. It is deployed in report-only mode. CSP violations will be logged in the browser console, but the associated CSP directives will not be enforced. This feature is behind a `feature-gate`, so yu will need to manually enable it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can report any plugins that break security policies. Administrators have the ability to disable any plugin breaking those policies. It is deployed in report-only mode. CSP violations will be logged in the browser console, but the associated CSP directives will not be enforced. This feature is behind a `feature-gate`, so you will need to manually enable it.
```

also I feel we should add link how to enable the featureGate

[id="ocp-release-notes-web-console_{context}"]
=== Web console

[id="ocp-4-18-administrator-perspective_{context}"]
==== Administrator perspective

This release introduces the following updates to the *Administrator* perspective of the web console:

> * A new setting for hiding the *Getting Started Resources* card on the *Overview* page allowing for maximum use of the dashboard.

Reviewer 2: card name is`Getting started resources` 
<img width="1426" alt="Screenshot 2025-02-17 at 2 04 14 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dcf7e618-5b5b-436c-b3ce-8e23a527b64a" />

> * A *Start Job* option was added to the *List* and *Details* pages, so you can start individual CronJobs manually directly in the web console without having to use the `oc` CLI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* A *Start Job* option was added to the `CronJob` *List* and *Details* pages, so you can start individual CronJobs manually directly in the web console without having to use the `oc` CLI.
```

> * The *Import YAML* button in the masthead is now a *Quick Create* button, and to allow rapid deployment of workloads, you can use YAML, Git, or a container image.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The *Import YAML* button in the masthead is now a *Quick Create* button, and to allow rapid deployment of workloads, you can import from YAML, Git, or use container images.
```

* You can build your own generative-AI chat bot with a chat bot sample. The generative-AI chat bot sample is deployed with Helm and includes a full CI/CD pipeline. You can also run this sample on your cluster with no CPUs.

> * You can import YAML into the console using {ols}.

Reviewer 2: sorry, where are these features coming from?

Reviewer 2: thanks! 
Shall we move these lines to `Developer Perspective` or just keep them here? 
@sanketpathak Could you help review the contents?

[id="ocp-release-notes-web-console_{context}"]
=== Web console

[id="ocp-4-18-administrator-perspective_{context}"]
==== Administrator perspective

This release introduces the following updates to the *Administrator* perspective of the web console:

* A new setting for hiding the *Getting started resources* card on the *Overview* page allowing for maximum use of the dashboard.
* A *Start Job* option was added to the CronJob *List* and *Details* pages, so you can start individual CronJobs manually directly in the web console without having to use the `oc` CLI.

> * The *Import YAML* button in the masthead is now a *Quick Create* button, and to allow rapid deployment of workloads, you can import from YAML, Git, or use container images.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* The *Import YAML* button in the masthead is now a *Quick Create* button that you can use for the rapid deployment of workloads by importing from YAML, Git, or using container images.
```

> * You can build your own generative-AI chat bot with a chat bot sample. The generative-AI chat bot sample is deployed with Helm and includes a full CI/CD pipeline. You can also run this sample on your cluster with no CPUs.

Reviewer 4: cool

* You can import YAML into the console using {ols}.

[id="ocp-4-18-administrator-perspective_content-security-policy{context}"]
===== Content Security Policy (CSP)

With this release, the console Content Security Policy (CSP) is deployed in report-only mode. CSP violations will be logged in the browser console, but the associated CSP directives will not be enforced. Dynamic plugin creators can add their own policies.

> Additionally, you can report any plugins that break security policies. Administrators have the ability to disable any plugin breaking those policies. It is deployed in report-only mode. CSP violations will be logged in the browser console, but the associated CSP directives will not be enforced. This feature is behind a `feature-gate`, so you will need to manually enable it.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can report any plugins that break security policies. Administrators have the ability to disable any plugin breaking those policies. CSP violations will be logged in the browser console, but the associated CSP directives will not be enforced. This feature is behind a `feature-gate`, so you will need to manually enable it.
```

Reviewer 4: Wasn't sure if that was redundant given line 732.

|Technology Preview
|Technology Preview

> |Metrics Server

Reviewer 4: Just wanted to make sure you planned on this being in the PR.

Author: Nope! I think it grabbed it on a rebase. Thanks!

> |Metrics Server
> |Technology Preview
> |General Availability
> |General Availability

Reviewer 5: Hello @opayne1 you can delete this as metrics server is now GA for 3 consecutive releases :+1: 
```suggestion

```

|====

[discrete]
[id="ocp-release-notes-web-console-tech-preview_{context}"]
=== Web console Technology Preview features

.Web console Technology Preview tracker
[cols="4,1,1,1",options="header"]
|====
|Feature |4.16 |4.17 |4.18

|{ols-official} in the {product-title} web console

> | Developer Preview

Reviewer 4: Should these be developer preview?

Author: Good Q. I pinged the OLS writer. Thanks for asking that! I think at some point it was, but now it might be TP I think.
